---
title: Mr Blue Writeup PwnTillDawn
author: r0b0tG4nG
date: 2021-11-28 11:33:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging, PwnTillDawn]
tags: [writeups, eternalblue, ms17-010, metasploit, nmap, mr blue]
math: true
mermaid: true
---

(image main)
**> Information Gathering**<br>
The Default nmap scan showed many active ports on the target. We can see some major ports like 80 (http), 445 (smb) & 3389 (rdp). The target is running an outdated version of windows `Windows Server 2008 R2 Enterprise 7601`. <br>
(nmap os )<br>

Nmap has its scripting engine. To find vulnerabilities on this target, lets run an nmap scan against the target invoking some _NSE (nmap scripting engine)_ arguments. This type os scan will identify vulnerabilities on the target.<br>
`nmap --script=vuln,exploit 10.150.150.242`<br>
(nse image)<br>

From the NSE scan, we can see that the target is vulnerable to `ms17-010` with an impact of remote code executiton. This vulnerabilty is popularly know as `eternalblue`. Since We know the vulnerbility, a quick google will lead us to the right exploit.<br>
(google image)<br>

We found an approved exploit from <a href="https://www.rapid7.com/db/modules/exploit/windows/smb/ms17_010_eternalblue/">rapid7</a>. This exploit will corrupt the windows kernels using the smb protocol continiously until triggered.<br>
(image rapid 7)<br>

The next step is to start `msfconsole` load the module `use exploit/windows/smb/ms17_010_eternalblue` and fill the required options for this exploit to funtion. The required options are `RHOSTS` (target ip) & `RPORT` (target port).<br>
(image msfconsole)<br>

After setting the required options for this module to work, we can fire the exploit against the target using either `run` or `exploit` command. Wait for a few seconds for the exploit to run and when completed, you will have a `meterpereter shell` <br>
(metepreter shell)



