---
title: Morty Writeup PwnTillDawn
author: r0b0tG4nG
date: 2021-11-27 01:33:00 +0000
categories: [Blogging, PwnTillDawn]
tags: [writeups, vhost, steghide, lfi, phpmyadmin, msfconsole]
math: true
mermaid: true
---

(Info image)<br><br>

**> Information Gathering**<br>

From nmap, we have 3 open ports which are 22 (ssh), 53 (dns) & 80 (http). Port 22 and 80 are common ports but port 53 (dns) is hardly found on targets. This is quite some good information we've found.<br>
(nmap image)<br>

When we visit port 80, there wasn't any webapp running there execpt a file `note.html` included in web directory.<br>
(web image)<br>

Looking into the `note.html` file, there was a message from `Rick` to `Morty`. In this message, the domain name `'mortysserver.com'` was mentioned.<br>
(domain image)<br>

The obvious step is to add the domain name we found from the message to our `host file`. To do this i typed `sudo nano /etc/hosts` then i added the ipaddress of the target and attached the domain name to it.<br>
(vhosts edit)<br>

After adding the domain name to our host file, we can access the new web address http://mortysserver.com/. The vhost has a welcome message and also a statement which stands out. The statement is `Is it a password? Maybe.`.<br>
(web image)<br>

After diggng deep for sometime i thought of grabbing the background image on the http://mortysserver.com/ domain to investigate it. To download the image, i used the command `wget http://mortysserver.com/screen.jpeg`.<br>
(image wget)<br>

I tried `exiftool` and got nothing. Then i thought of trying `steghide` too just incase there is a hidden information in the background image. I installed steghide using the command `sudo apt install steghide` then i used `steghide` on the image file to extract hiddeen information. Command used was `steghide extract -sf screen.jpeg`. Steghide prompted for password and i hit `enter` on the keyboard. Luckily for us, there was really a hidden information in the image. `Steghide` extracted a text file called `keystotheunivers.txt` from the image. Reading the contents of the `keystotheunivers.txt` displayed a username and a password `rick:WubbaLubbaDubDub1!`.<br>
(steghide image)<br>

The obvious place we all will try to login with credentials is `ssh` on port `22` right? Unfortunately, that didn't work. Now the question is "on which service do we have to use this credentials we found?". After thinking for a while i remembered that from nmap results, we found `port 53 (dns)` so the only obtion was to query the `dns service` of the target. I executed the command `dig mortysserver.com axfr @10.150.150.57` and from the results, we found out that there is another `vhost` on the target. Th new domain name we found was `rickscontrolpanel.mortysserver.com`.<br>
(dns query)<br>

I quickly added the new hostname `rickscontrolpanel.mortysserver.com` to my host file like we did earlier on. `sudo nano /etc/hosts`<br>
(new hosts )<br>

After adding the domain nname to our host file, we browsed the new domain name `rickscontrolpanel.mortysserver.com` and found `phpMyAdmin` running on this vhost.<br>
(newvhost)<br>

We found credentials from the image remember? now is a good time to try it. Using the credentials we found earlier on `phpMyAdmin`, we were able to login using `rick:WubbaLubbaDubDub1!`<br>
(logiin)<br>

After logging in successfully and got access to the `phpMyAdmin`  dashboard, i tried many ways to get a remote code execution manualy from `phpMyAdmin` but i failed.<br> 
(phpadmin dashboard)<br>


The version of `phpMyAdmin` running on the target is `Version information: 4.8.1`. I quickly googled the version and found and exploit. <br>
(google)<br>


The exploit we found on <a href="https://www.rapid7.com/db/modules/exploit/multi/http/phpmyadmin_lfi_rce/">rapid7</a> indicates that `phpMyAdmin v4.8.0 and v4.8.1` are vulnerable to local file inclusion, which can be exploited post-authentication to execute PHP code by application.<br>
(rapid7 image)<br>

Start `msfconsole` and load the exploit module using the command `use exploit/multi/http/phpmyadmin_lfi_rce`. Set all required options that this exploit depends on. `PASSWORD`, `VHOST`, `USERNAME`, `RHOST`, `RPORT` & `LHOST`.<br>
(msfconsole option)<br>

When all exploit options are set, type `run` or `exploit` in msfconsole and wait for the exploit to run against the target. You should be presented with a spawned shell in msfconsole on the target.<br> 
(shell)<br>


Referrence: <a href="https://online.pwntilldawn.com/">PwnTillDawn Online battlefield</a>